Project Information:
Let’s play and earn!

What?

SQUIDVERSE 3D is a revolutionary and innovative decentralised finance gaming project based on blockchain technology. 
The project will form its own self- sufficient ecosystem that will intuitively link multiple utilities together in one ‘metaverse’ known as the Squidverse. 

These include (but are not limited to):

 • SQUID GAMES:
 6 high quality 3D Play-To-Earn (P2E) mobile and PC games that represent the core contest stages featured in the web television show it is based on.

 • SQUID BRIDGE:
A bridging system that will allow the project to link the Binance Smart Chain with the Ethereum Network later for governance tokens in the below Decentralized Autonomous Organizations (DAO’s).

 • SQUID STAKING:
A system that will allow investors to stake their SQUIDVERSE 3D NFTS to earn passive rewards of the project’s native tokens.

 • SQUIDPAD: 
A system that will allow indie cryptocurrency game developers to incubate and launch their own games. Players would be able to seamlessly swap between games, continuing to earn as the connected metaverse grows.
Every single part of the project has been meticulously thought out, with


Who?

The team that forms SQUIDVERSE 3D is numerous, comprehensive and growing every day as the project continues to gain more attention. However, the core team that form the heartbeat of the project is formed of five passionate individuals. They all benefit from a diverse skillset, which combined together are more than capable of bringing the vision of SQUIDVERSE 3D into reality.

The team privately completed a KYC
The contract is fully  audited by Interfi and the team is looking for another trust worthy audit company. 

The Dev is doxxed and connected to other big and successful projects. 

The company behind the project is based and legalised in Dubai. 


Numbers

The following taxations on the tokens are subject to change – and have this ability built into the contract, so that a level of flexibility can be applied at all times throughout the life of the project. 

Currently the tokenomics are as follows:

Buy Tax is 7% consists of the following:

3% Prize Pool: 
This percentage will fuel the growth of an interactive prize pool, where community members will be able to gain financial rewards in exchange for certain events such as lottery draws, shill competitions, NFT art completions, Medium article clapathons, telegram raids and referrals.

3% Development and Marketing: Key to any successful project, large levels of marketing will need to be done to promote the project and make new investors aware. In addition, these funds will be used longer term to aid the development of the metaverse games that form the base of the connected SQUIDVERSE 3D ecosystem.

1% Liquidity: 
This will be to allow for smooth transactions of the native SQUIDVERSE 3D cryptocurrency and ensure no volatility when trading.

Sell Tax is 8% consist of the following: 3% Prize Pool: (As Stated Above)
4% Development: (As Stated Above)
1% Liquidity: (As Stated Above)

Useful Links:
Github Link: https://docs.squidverse3d.com/
Whitepaper link: https://docs.squidverse3d.com/the-company/documents#whitepaper
Twitter: https://twitter.com/SquidVerse3D
Telegram: https://t.me/SquidVerse3D
Discord: https://discord.gg/CXfg94DAcK
Chart: https://poocoin.app/tokens/0xef6f6135f4ff3d3c1bc559229214c8bcf1cc7a15
Bscscan: https://bscscan.com/token/0xef6f6135f4ff3d3c1bc559229214c8bcf1cc7a15
